
DEFENDERS OF DEMOCRACY


[Illustration]


[Illustration]


_To the brave men and heroic women of Lanett, Shawmut, Langdale, Fairfax
and Riverview, who have gone forth to do battle for the democracy of the
world: and to the loved ones they have left behind, this book is
affectionately dedicated._


This book is made possible by the generous co-operation of the officers of
the West Point Manufacturing Company and Lanett Cotton Mills. It is the
result of the combined efforts of the War Service Station in each mill
locality to pay at least a feeble tribute to the gallant doughboy who
enlisted in the cause of right and democracy. It is hoped that, as the
years pass by, these crusaders and their posterity may find an increasing
interest in this memorial to their heroism.

Also, it has been thought advisable to preserve a record of the
accomplishments of all those patriotic forces which contributed their part
towards the successful termination of the greatest conflict in history.

It would not be amiss to call particular attention to the War Service
Stations, under whose leadership was fostered practically all of the
patriotic work consummated by those at home. That these Stations were a
comfort to our boys--in their interest and solicitude for them--is
attested by the letters reproduced.




[Illustration: PRESIDENT WOODROW WILSON _Commander-in-Chief_ UNITED STATES
ARMY]


The President's War Message

Delivered before Congress April 2, 1917

I have called the Congress into extraordinary session because there are
serious, very serious, choices of policy to be made, and made immediately,
which it was neither right nor constitutionally permissible that I should
assume the responsibility of making.

On the third of February last, I officially laid before you the
extraordinary announcement of the Imperial German Government that on and
after the first day of February it was its purpose to put aside all
restraints of law or of humanity and use its submarines to sink every
vessel that sought to approach either the ports of Great Britain and
Ireland or the western coasts of Europe or any of the ports controlled by
the enemies of Germany within the Mediterranean.

That had seemed to be the object of the German submarine warfare earlier
in the war; but since April of last year the Imperial Government had
somewhat restrained the commanders of its undersea craft in conformity
with its promise then given to us that passenger boats should not be sunk,
and that due warning would be given to all other vessels which its
submarines might seek to destroy, when no resistance was offered or escape
attempted, and care taken that their crews were given at least a fair
chance to save their lives in their open boats.

The precautions taken were meager and haphazard enough, as was proved in
distressing instance after instance in the progress of the cruel and
unmanly business, but a certain degree of restraint was observed.

The new policy has swept every restriction aside. Vessels of every kind,
whatever their flag, their character, their cargo, their destination,
their errand, have been ruthlessly sent to the bottom without warning and
without thought of help or mercy for those on board--the vessels of
friendly neutrals, along with belligerents.

Even hospital ships and ships carrying relief to the sorely bereaved and
stricken people of Belgium, though the latter were provided with safe
conduct through the proscribed areas by the German Government itself and
were distinguished by unmistakable marks of identity, have been sunk with
the same reckless lack of compassion or of principle.

I was for a little while unable to believe that such things would in fact
be done by any government that had hitherto subscribed to the humane
practices of civilized nations.

International law had its origin in the attempt to set up some law which
would be respected and observed upon the seas, where no nation had right
of dominion and where lay the free highways of the world.

By painful stage after stage has that law been built up, with meager
enough results, indeed, after all was accomplished that could be
accomplished, but always with a clear view, at least, of what the heart
and conscience of mankind demanded.

This minimum of right the German Government has swept aside under the plea
of retaliation and necessity, and because it had no weapons which it could
use at sea except these which it is impossible to employ as it is
employing them without throwing to the winds all scruples of humanity or
of respect for the understandings that were supposed to underlie the
intercourse of the world.

I am not now thinking of the loss of property involved, immense and
serious as that is, but only of the wanton and wholesale destruction of
the lives of non-combatants, men, women and children, engaged in pursuits
which have always, even in the darkest periods of modern history, been
deemed innocent and legitimate.

Property can be paid for; the lives of peaceful and innocent people cannot
be.

The present German submarine warfare against commerce is a warfare against
mankind. It is a war against all nations.

American ships have been sunk, American lives taken, in ways which it has
stirred us very deeply to learn of, but the ships and people of other
neutral and friendly nations have been sunk and overwhelmed in the waters
in the same way. There has been no discrimination.

The challenge is to all mankind. Each nation must decide for itself how it
will meet it.

The choice we make for ourselves must be made with a moderation of counsel
and a temperateness of judgment befitting our character and our motives as
a nation. We must put excited feeling away.

Our motive will not be revenge or the victorious assertion of the physical
might of the Nation, but only the vindication of right, of human right, of
which we are only a single champion.

When I addressed the Congress on the twenty-sixth of February last, I
thought that it would suffice to assert our neutral rights with arms, our
right to use the seas against unlawful interference, our right to keep our
people safe against unlawful violence.

But armed neutrality, it now appears, is impracticable. Because submarines
are in effect outlaws when used as the German submarines have been used
against merchant shipping, it is impossible to defend ships against their
attacks as the law of nations has assumed that merchantmen would defend
themselves against privateers or cruisers, visible craft giving chase upon
the open sea.

It is common prudence in such circumstances, grim necessity indeed, to
endeavor to destroy them before they have shown their own intention. They
must be dealt with upon sight, if dealt with at all.

The German Government denies the right of neutrals to use arms at all
within the areas of the sea which it has proscribed, even in the defense
of rights which no modern publicist has ever before questioned their right
to defend. The intimation is conveyed that the armed guards which we have
placed on our merchant ships will be treated as beyond the pale of law and
subject to be dealt with as pirates would be. Armed neutrality is
ineffectual enough at best; in such circumstances and in the face of such
pretensions it is worse than ineffectual; it is likely only to produce
what it was meant to prevent; it is practically certain to draw us into
the war without either the rights or the effectiveness of belligerents.

There is one choice we cannot make, we are incapable of making: we will
not choose the path of submission and suffer the most sacred rights of our
Nation and our people to be ignored or violated. The wrongs against which
we now array ourselves are no common wrongs; they cut to the very roots of
human life.

With a profound sense of the solemn and even tragical character of the
step I am taking and of the grave responsibilities which it involves, but
in unhesitating obedience to what I deem my constitutional duty, I advise
that the Congress declare the recent course of the Imperial German
Government to be in fact nothing less than war against the Government and
people of the United States; that it formally accept the status of
belligerent which has thus been thrust upon it; and that it take immediate
steps not only to put the country in a more thorough state of defense, but
also to exert all its power and employ all its resources to bring the
Government of the German Empire to terms and end the war.

What this will involve is clear. It will involve the utmost practicable
co-operation in counsel and action with the governments now at war with
Germany, and, as incident to that, the extension to those governments of
the most liberal financial credits in order that our resources may, so far
as possible, be added to theirs. It will involve the organization and
mobilization of all the material resources of the country to supply the
materials of war and serve the incidental needs of the Nation in the most
abundant and yet the most economical and efficient way possible. It will
involve the immediate full equipment of the Navy in all respects, but
particularly in supplying it with the best means of dealing with the
enemy's submarines. It will involve the immediate addition to the armed
forces of the United States already provided for by law in case of war at
least five hundred thousand men, who should, in my opinion, be chosen upon
the principle of universal liability to service, and also the
authorization of subsequent additional increments of equal force so soon
as they may be needed and can be handled in training.

It will involve also, of course, the granting of adequate credits to the
Government, sustained, I hope, so far as they can equitably be sustained
by the present generation, by well-conceived taxation. I say sustained so
far as may be equitable by taxation because it seems to me that it would
be most unwise to base the credits which will now be necessary entirely on
money borrowed. It is our duty, I most respectfully urge, to protect our
people so far as we may, against the very serious hardships and evils
which would be likely to arise out of the inflation which would be
produced by vast loans.

In carrying out the measures by which these things are to be accomplished
we should keep constantly in mind the wisdom of interfering as little as
possible in our own preparation and in the equipment of our own military
forces with the duty--for it will be a very practical duty--of supplying
the nations already at war with Germany with the materials which they can
obtain only from us or by our assistance. They are in the field and we
should help them in every way to be effective there.

I shall take the liberty of suggesting, through the several executive
departments of the Government, for the consideration of your committees,
measures for the accomplishment of the several objects I have mentioned. I
hope that it will be your pleasure to deal with them as having been framed
after very careful thought by the branch of the Government upon which the
responsibility of conducting the war and safeguarding the Nation will most
directly fall.

While we do these things, these deeply momentous things, let us be very
clear, and make very clear to all the world what our motives and our
objects are. My own thought has not been driven from its habitual and
normal course by the unhappy events of the last two months, and I do not
believe that the thought of the Nation has been altered or clouded by
them.

I have exactly the same things in mind now that I had in mind when I
addressed the Senate on the twenty-second of January last; the same that I
had in mind when I addressed the Congress on the third of February and on
the twenty-sixth of February.

Our object now, as then, is to vindicate the principles of peace and
justice in the life of the world as against selfish and autocratic power
and to set up amongst the really free and self-governed peoples of the
world such a concert of purpose and of action as will henceforth insure
the observance of those principles.

Neutrality is no longer feasible or desirable where the peace of the world
is involved and the freedom of its peoples, and the menace to that peace
and freedom lies in the existence of autocratic governments backed by
organized force which is controlled wholly by their will, not the will of
their people. We have seen the last of neutrality in such circumstances.

We are at the beginning of an age in which it will be insisted that the
same standards of conduct and of responsibility for wrong done shall be
observed among nations and their governments that are observed among the
individual citizens of civilized states.

We have no quarrel with the German people. We have no feeling toward them
but one of sympathy and friendship. It was not upon their impulse that
their Government acted in entering this war. It was not with their
previous knowledge or approval.

It was a war determined upon as wars used to be determined upon in the
old, unhappy days when peoples were nowhere consulted by their rulers and
wars were provoked and waged in the interest of dynasties or of little
groups of ambitious men who were accustomed to use their fellow men as
pawns and tools.

Self-governed nations do not fill their neighbor states with spies or set
the course of intrigue to bring about some critical posture of affairs
which will give them an opportunity to strike and make conquest. Such
designs can be successfully worked out only under cover and where no one
has the right to ask questions.

Cunningly contrived plans of deception or aggression, carried, it may be,
from generation to generation, can be worked out and kept from the light
only within the privacy of courts or behind the carefully guarded
confidences of a narrow and privileged class. They are happily impossible
where public opinion commands and insists upon full information concerning
all the nation's affairs.

A steadfast concert for peace can never be maintained except by a
partnership of democratic nations. No autocratic government could be
trusted to keep faith within it or observe its covenants. It must be a
league of honor, a partnership of opinion.

Intrigue would eat its vitals away; the plottings of inner circles who
could plan what they would and render account to no one would be a
corruption seated at its very heart. Only free peoples can hold their
purpose and their honor steady to a common end and prefer the interests of
mankind to any narrow interest of their own.

Does not every American feel that assurance has been added to our hope for
the future peace of the world by the wonderful and heartening things that
have been happening within the last few weeks in Russia?

Russia was known by those who knew it best to have been always in fact
democratic at heart, in all the vital habits of her thought, in all the
intimate relationships of her people that spoke their natural instinct,
their habitual attitude toward life.

The autocracy that crowned the summit of her political structure, long as
it has stood and terrible as was the reality of its power, was not in fact
Russian in origin, character or purpose; and now it has been shaken off
and the great, generous Russian people have been added in all their native
majesty and might to the forces that are fighting for freedom in the
world, for justice, and for peace. Here is a fit partner for a League of
Honor.

One of the things that has served to convince us that the Prussian
autocracy was not and could never be our friend is that from the very
outset of the present war it has filled our unsuspecting communities and
even our offices of Government with spies and set criminal intrigues
everywhere afoot against our national unity of council, our peace within
and without, our industries and our commerce.

Indeed, it is now evident that its spies were here even before the war
began; and it unhappily is not a matter of conjecture, but a fact proved
in our courts of justice, that the intrigues which have more than once
come perilously near to disturbing the peace and dislocating the
industries of the country have been carried on at the instigation, with
the support, and even under the personal direction of official agents of
the Imperial Government accredited to the Government of the United States.

Even in checking these things and trying to extirpate them we have sought
to put the most generous interpretation possible upon them because we knew
that their source lay, not in any hostile feeling or purpose of the German
people toward us (who were, no doubt, as ignorant of them as we ourselves
were), but only in the selfish designs of a Government that did what it
pleased and told its people nothing. But they have played their part in
serving to convince us at last that that Government entertains no real
friendship for us and means to act against our peace and security at its
convenience. That it means to stir up enemies against us at our very
doors, the intercepted note to the German Minister at Mexico City is
eloquent evidence.

We are accepting this challenge of hostile purpose because we know that in
such a Government, following such methods, we can never have a friend; and
that in the presence of its organized power, always lying in wait to
accomplish we know not what purpose, there can be no assured security for
the democratic governments of the world.

We are now about to accept gauge of battle with this natural foe to
liberty and shall, if necessary, spend the whole force of the Nation to
check and nullify its pretensions and its power. We are glad, now that we
see the facts with no veil of false pretense about them, to fight for the
ultimate peace of the world and for the liberation of its peoples, the
German peoples included: for the rights of nations great and small and the
privilege of men everywhere to choose their way of life and of obedience.
The world must be made safe for democracy. Its peace must be planted upon
the tested foundations of political liberty.

We have no selfish ends to serve. We desire no conquest, no dominion. We
seek no indemnities for ourselves, no material compensation for the
sacrifices we shall freely make. We are but one of the champions of the
rights of mankind. We shall be satisfied when those rights have been made
as secure as the faith and the freedom of nations can make them.

Just because we fight without rancor, without selfish object, seeking
nothing for ourselves but what we shall wish to share with all free
peoples, we shall, I feel confident, conduct our operations as
belligerents without passion and ourselves observe with proud punctilio
the principles of right and of fair play we profess to be fighting for.

I have said nothing of the governments allied with the Imperial Government
of Germany because they have not made war upon us or challenged us to
defend our right and our honor. The Austro-Hungarian Government has,
indeed, avowed its unqualified indorsement and acceptance of the reckless
and lawless submarine warfare adopted now without disguise by the Imperial
German Government, and it has therefore not been possible for this
Government to receive Count Tarnowski, the Ambassador recently accredited
to this Government by the Imperial and Royal Government of
Austria-Hungary; but that Government has not actually engaged in warfare
against citizens of the United States on the seas, and I take the liberty,
for the present at least, of postponing a discussion of our relations with
the authorities at Vienna. We enter this war only where we are clearly
forced into it because there are no other means of defending our rights.

It will be all the easier for us to conduct ourselves as belligerents in a
high spirit of right and fairness because we act without animus, not in
enmity toward a people nor with the desire to bring any injury or
disadvantage upon them, but only in armed opposition to an irresponsible
Government which has thrown aside all considerations of humanity and of
right and is running amuck.

We are, let me say again, the sincere friends of the German people, and
shall desire nothing so much as the early re-establishment of intimate
relations of mutual advantage between us--however hard it may be for them,
for the time being, to believe that this is spoken from our hearts. We
have borne with their present Government through all these bitter months
because of that friendship--exercising a patience and forbearance which
would otherwise have been impossible. We shall, happily, still have an
opportunity to prove that friendship in our daily attitude and actions
toward the millions of men and women of German birth and native sympathy
who live amongst us and share our life, and we shall be proud to prove it
toward all who are in fact loyal to their neighbors and to the Government
in the hour of test. They are, most of them, as true and loyal Americans
as if they had never known any other fealty or allegiance.

They will be prompt to stand with us in rebuking and restraining the few
who may be of a different mind and purpose.

If there should be disloyalty, it will be dealt with with a firm hand of
stern repression; but, if it lifts its head at all, it will lift it only
here and there and without countenance except from a lawless and malignant
few.

It is a distressing and oppressive duty, Gentlemen of the Congress, which
I have performed in thus addressing you. There are, it may be, many months
of fiery trial and sacrifice ahead of us. It is a fearful thing to lead
this great peaceful people into war, into the most terrible and disastrous
of all wars, civilization itself seeming to be in the balance. But the
right is more precious than peace, and we shall fight for the things which
we have always carried nearest our hearts--for democracy, for the right of
those who submit to authority to have a voice in their own governments,
for the rights and liberties of small nations, for a universal dominion of
right by such a concert of free peoples as shall bring peace and safety to
all nations and make the world itself at last free.

To such a task we can dedicate our lives and our fortunes, everything that
we are and everything that we have, with the pride of those who know that
the day has come when America is privileged to spend her blood and her
might for the principles that gave her birth and happiness and the peace
which she has treasured. God helping her, she can do no other.

Woodrow Wilson




[Illustration: GENERAL JOHN J. PERSHING _Commander-in-Chief_ AMERICAN
EXPEDITIONARY FORCES]

[Illustration: ADMIRAL SIMS _Commander-in-Chief_ UNITED STATES NAVAL
FORCES]




_Lanett_


[Illustration: =Corp. Joe F. Adams= Company F 167th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. George Alexander= Company E 167th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Loyd Allen= Company F 167th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Will T. Anderson= Company C 106th Am. Train]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Clyde Andrews= Company B 3d Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Chas. H. Barnett= Battery C 6th Field Artillery]

[Illustration: =Corp. Harry Bachelor= Company F 167th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Claude Barnett= Bakery Co. 357]

[Illustration: =Sailor George Bankston= U.S.S. Rhode Island]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Jesse Berry= Company C 106th Am. Train]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Earl Beal= Battery F 53d Artillery C.A.C.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Edgar Blakely= Medical Corps]

[Illustration: =Sgt. James Blackmon= 19th Division Supply Train]

[Illustration: =Corp. Mark B. Blackmon= Company C 106th Am. Train]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Willie H. Brewer= Company G 2d Training Reg.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Earnest G. Brewster= Company 39 157th Depot Brigade]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Eddie E. Buchannan= 1st Company 1st Army Corps School
Det.]

[Illustration: =Sgt. Thos. H. Cason= Company C 106th Am. Train]

[Illustration: =Pvt. George Caldwell= Company B 324th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Merritt E. Carlisle= Company L 327th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Corp. Henry Carlisle= Battery E 21st Field Artillery]

[Illustration: =Sgt. Jno. G. Chapman= Quartermaster Corps]

[Illustration: =Pvt. T. G. Clements= 2d Provisional Depot Battalion]

[Illustration: =Sgt. Maj. Guy Coffee= Hdqtrs. Company 384th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Tipton Coffee= Y. M. C. A.]

[Illustration: =Wendell Coffee= Ph. M.1 U.S.S. Kentucky]

[Illustration: =Sgt. Ewell Coffee= Company B 17th Engineers]

[Illustration: =Corp. Harvey R. Collins= Company B 6th Repl. Reg. Inf.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. A. Fennimore Cox= Company F 167th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Jesse W. Coleman= Company B 151st Mach. Gun Btn.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Hoyt Crowder= 3d Company Developing Btn.]

[Illustration: =Corp. Lester D. Crowder= Company F 167th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Cook O. W. Culpepper= Company I M.T.C.R.U. 307]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Leroy Daniel= Hdqtrs. Company 167th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Elijah Daniel= 6th Company Development Btn.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Robert Dailey= Battery E 117th Field Artillery]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Winfred L. Deloach= Battery C 7th Field Artillery]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Huburt Denham= Battery D 117th Field Artillery]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Radney Dobson= Company H 161st Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Gay Dunn= Company B 48th Mach. Gun Btn.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. A. E. Fincher= 2d Provisional R.R.C.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. George Fincher= Company B 359th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Isac Free= Mach. Gun Company 167th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. William E. Freeman= Company F 167th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Wesley Foster= Company F 167th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Will H. Gill= Company C 321st Infantry]

[Illustration: =Corp. Tolbert H. Gray= Company F 167th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Corp. Ben W. Griffeth= Company B 34th Engineers]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Allie Griffin= Company E 123d Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. J. B. Grier= Company G 321st Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Alver Gunn= Company E 7th Engineers]

[Illustration: =Pvt. John B. Gunn= Battery F 117th Field Artillery]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Richard Hadaway= Company E 167th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Brinton Hall= Company H 161st Infantry]

[Illustration: =Sgt. Will H. Hammock= 20th Company 156th Depot Brigade]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Robert Hammock= 65th Company 6th Group M.T.D.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. L. Clyde Harmon= Bakery Co. 326]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Grady Harmon= Company 7 Infantry Repl. Unit]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Hobson H. Harmon= Supply Battery 56th Field
Artillery]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Phillip H. Heard= Company D 66th Engineers]

[Illustration: =Sgt. James Heard= Company A 59th Engineers]

[Illustration: =Roland Shaefer Heard= Yeoman 3 c. 8 U.S. Navy Yard
Charleston, S.C.]

[Illustration: =Corp. Buford Heggood= 118th Infantry Band 59th Brigade]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Hobson Heggood= Post Military Band Edgewood Arsenal]

[Illustration: =Pvt. F. M. Heggood= 118th Infantry Band]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Emmit Henderson= Company G 165th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Corp. S. Calloway Herring= Company F 167th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Charles Frank Hill= Battery C 3d Field Artillery]

[Illustration: =Corp. John J. Seymore= Company C 106th Am. Train]

[Illustration: =Musc. David Holloway= 167th Infantry Band]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Minor Hood= Company D 106th Am. Train]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Jack Howard= Company 17 5th Reg. U.S. Marine Corps]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Jno. M. Howarth= S.A.T.C. Auburn, Ala.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Reuben J. Jennings= S.A.T.C. Marion Inst.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. John Johnson= Company A 106th Engineers]

[Illustration: =Sgt. Frank P. Jones= Company F 167th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Oscar King= Company C 54th Mach. Gun Btn.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Belah King= 5th Company Coast Artillery]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Marion W. Knight= Quartermaster Corps]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Joe W. Knight= Marine Guard Naval Radio Station]

[Illustration: =Pvt. John C. Leonard= Casual Co. 63 162d Depot Brigade]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Hobson Lewis= Company E 3d Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Evans McGhee= Company C 3d Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Gip. L. McGhee= 23d. Infantry]

[Illustration: =Corp. James McGlon= Company H 167th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Jesse McGlon= 64th Engineers R.O.T.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Curtis McNaron= Company L 115th U.S.G.N.A.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Brant F. Maguire= 13th Company 5th Platoon]

[Illustration: =Pvt. J. T. Manley= Battery D 117th Field Artillery]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Luther Martin= 39th Company 10th Training Btn. 157th
Depot Brigade]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Earnest R. Mitchell= Hdqtrs. Company 152d Depot
Brigade]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Lofton Mitchell= Company E 106th Am. Train]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Cluster Morgan= Company M 70th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Edd L. Newby= Company F 167th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Walter Newsome= Company A 168th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Corp. Eugene Oliver= Company H 167th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Calvin Parker= Company F 167th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Henry M. Parker= Quartermaster Corps]

[Illustration: =Sgt. Watson Phillips= Quartermaster Corps]

[Illustration: =Sgt. George C. Pryor= Medical Dept. 6th Engineers]

[Illustration: =Corp. William C. Raines= Headquarters Band 116th Field
Artillery]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Willie Rogers= Company A 321st Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Charles E. Sanders= Motor Truck Co. 332]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Charles Sedinger= Company D 6th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Jimmie Seymour= Company A 101st Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Thomas M. Simms= Company E 307th Engineers]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Grady Smith= Medical Dept. 157th Depot Brigade]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Joe Smith= Company F 167th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Ollie Smith= Company C 321st Mach. Gun Btn.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. John W. Stewart= Company H 43d Infantry]

[Illustration: =Sgt. James Stearns= Battery C 117th Field Artillery]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Harvey D. Stephens= Company C 321st Mach. Gun Btn.]

[Illustration: =Corp. Eugene Stiff= Company G 122d Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Charles Tally= Hdqtrs. Troops 314th Cavalry]

[Illustration: =Horseshoer Thomas Tally= Battery D 117th Field Artillery]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Lomas Thomaston= Company A 1st Infantry Regl. and
Trn. Btn.]

[Illustration: =Corp. Thomas Thomaston= Company F 167th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Hugh Turner= Company D 19th Btn. U.S.G.N.A.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. James Ward= Company F 167th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Corp. Quincer W. Whittle= Company B 116th Supply Train]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Ocie T. Wilbanks= Company E 20th Engineers]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Colvin Wilbanks= 71st Company 6th Group M.T.D.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Robert Williams= Company F 167th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Sgt. Jesse Von Williams= Company F 167th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Sailor Charles Winningham= U.S.S. Camden Detail League
Island Navy Yard]

[Illustration: =Charles H. Yarbrough= Ph. M.3 Bay Ridge Rec. Ship]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Dan H. Hart= Company H 123d Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Carl Smith= Company H 123d Infantry]

[Illustration: =Corp. William D. Purcell= Company A 306 Ammunition Train]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Walter Geter= Company 21 R.R.D.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Chester D. May= Company F 167th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Corp. Eugene Herring= Company C 106th Am. Train]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Robert Hollis= Company K 16th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. James E. Robinson= 8th Field Artillery]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Hobson Cummings= S.A.T.C. Auburn, Ala.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Walter Peppers= Company 39 New Receiving Camp]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Jim B. Morris= Hdqtrs. Company 115th Field
Artillery]


Roll of Honor

  ¦_Killed in action_
  +_Died of disease_
  *_Photo_

  *ADAMS, J. F.
  ALLEN, MARSHALL
  ALEXANDER, BEN
  *ALEXANDER, GEORGE
  *ALLEN, LOYD
  *ANDERSON, WILL
  +*ANDREWS, CLYDE
  ANDREWS, J. C.
  AUGHTMAN, JOHN

  ¦*BACHELOR, HARRY
  BAKER, WILLIAM
  *BANKSTON, GEORGE
  BARNETT, CLAUDE
  BARNETT, CHARLES H.
  BARTON, TEBE
  *BEAL, EARL
  *BERRY, JESSE
  *BLACKMON, JAMES
  *BLACKMON, MARK
  *BLAKELY, EDGAR
  BOGGS, JAMES G.
  BOWLING, I. L.
  *BREWER, WILLIE H.
  BREWSTER, EARNEST G.
  BROWN, JESSE
  BRUMALOE, C. C.
  *BUCHANNAN, EDWARD E.

  *CALDWELL, GEORGE
  *CARLISLE, HENRY
  ¦*CARLISLE, MERRITT
  CARMICHAEL, GEORGE
  CARMICHAEL, JIM
  *CASON, THOMAS
  *CHAPMAN, JOHN
  *CLEMENTS, T. G.
  *COFFEE, EWELL
  *COFFEE, GUY
  *COFFEE, TIPTON
  *COFFEE, WENDELL
  *COLEMAN, J. W.
  *COLLINS, HARVEY R.
  ¦*COX, FENNIMORE
  *CROWDER, HOYT
  ¦*CROWDER, LESTER D.
  *CULPEPPER, OREIN W.
  CUMMINGS, HOBSON

  *DAILEY, ROBERT
  *DANIEL, ELIJAH
  *DANIEL, LEROY
  *DELOACH, WINFRED L.
  *DENHAM, HUBURT
  *DOBSON, RADNEY
  *DUNN, LONNIE G.

  EAST, ALBERT

  *FREE, ISAC
  *FREEMAN, WILLIAM E.
  *FINCHER, EUGENE
  *FINCHER, GEORGE
  ¦*FOSTER, WESLEY

  *GETER, WALTER
  *GILL, WILL
  *GRAY, TOLBERT H.
  *GRIER, JOE B.
  *GRIFFETH, BEN W.
  *GRIFFIN, ALLIE
  *GUNN, ALVER T.
  *GUNN, JOHN B.

  *HADAWAY, RICHARD
  *HALL, BRINTON
  *HAMMOCK, ROBERT L.
  *HAMMOCK, WILL H.
  *HARMON, CLYDE
  *HARMON, GRADY
  *HARMON, HOBSON
  *HART, DAN
  *HEARD, PHILLIP
  *HEARD, JAMES E.
  *HEARD, SHAEFER
  *HEGGOOD, BUFORD
  *HEGGOOD, F. M.
  *HEGGOOD, HOBSON
  *HENDERSON, EMMIT
  *HERRING, EUGENE
  *HERRING, S. CALLOWAY
  *HILL, CHARLES FRANK
  HILL, CHARLIE
  *HOLLIS, ROBERT
  *HOLLOWAY, DAVID
  *HOOD, MINOR
  *HOWARD, JACK
  *HOWARTH, JOHN M.

  JENKINS, HAMP
  *JENNINGS, RUBE J.
  *JOHNSON, JOHN
  *JONES, FRANK P.

  KENDRICK, JOHN
  *KING, BELAH
  *KING, OSCAR
  *KNIGHT, MARION
  *KNIGHT, JOE
  KNIGHT, HORACE
  KYNARD, O. D.

  *LEONARD, JOHN C.
  *LEWIS, HOBSON J.
  LEWIS, EDD

  MANNING, E.
  MARTIN, CLARENCE
  *MAY, CHESTER D.
  *MITCHELL, EARNEST
  *MITCHELL, LOFTON
  *MORGAN, CLUSTER
  *MORRIS, JIM B.
  *MAGUIRE, BRANT F.
  *MANLEY, J. T.
  *MARTIN, LUTHER
  *MCGHEE, EVANS
  MCGHEE, GIP L.
  *MCGLON, JESSE
  *MCGLON, JAMES
  *MCNARON, CURTIS

  NEESE, KENNY
  *NEWBY, EDD L.
  *NEWSOME, WALTER
  NORMAN, RAEMON

  *OLIVER, EUGENE

  *PARKER, CALVIN
  *PARKER, MOSE HENRY
  PEPPERS, WALTER
  *PHILLIPS, WATSON
  *PRYOR, GEORGE C.
  *PURCELL, WILLIAM D.

  *RAINES, WILLIAM C.
  ROBINSON, JAMES E.
  ROBINSON, OSCAR
  *ROGERS, WILLIAM

  *SANDERS, C. E.
  SANDS, L. C.
  *SEDINGER, CHARLES
  *SEYMORE, JAMES
  *SEYMORE, JOHN J.
  *SIMS, THOMAS M.
  *SMITH, CARL
  *SMITH, GRADY
  *SMITH, JOE
  *SMITH, OLLIE
  *STEARNS, JAMES
  *STEVENS, HARVEY D.
  STEVENS, OTIS
  *STEWART, JOHN W.
  *STIFF, EUGENE

  *TALLY, CHARLIE
  *TALLY, ROBERT
  ¦*THOMASTON, THOMAS
  *THOMASTON, WILLIAM L.
  *TURNER, HUGH

  *WARD, JAMES
  *WHITTLE, QUINCER
  *WILBANKS, COLVIN
  *WILBANKS, OCIE T.
  *WILLIAMS, JESSE VON
  *WILLIAMS, ROBERT
  *WINNINGHAM, CHARLES
  WINSLETT, R. D.

  *YARBROUGH, CHARLES H.


Colored

  ASKEW, FRANK

  BROCK, BILL

  COLLINS, JIM
  COLLINS, JOHN
  CHAPPEL, DOCK
  CHEERY, ABRAHAM

  DALLIS, WILLIE
  DUNCAN, JAMES D.
  DUNCAN, JOHN
  DUNCAN, WILL
  DUNCAN, LINDSEY

  FITSPATRICK, HENRY

  GATES, RICHARD
  GIPSON, CHARLIE
  GORDON, W. M.
  GOSS, JIM
  GOSS, NAPOLEON
  GREENWOOD, ENOCH
  GREER, WILLIAM A., JR.

  HARRIS, HOSEA
  HILL, CLARENCE
  HILL, STANLEY
  HUGULEY, DOCK

  JORDON, EDD

  MCKINLEY, JEFF

  OLIVER, WESLEY
  ONEAL, ALVA

  ROBERSON, EARLY

  SCOTT, LEE
  SMITH, ELIJAH

  TOWLES, WILLIE
  TRAMMEL, LUTHER

  WATKINS, ROBERT
  WESTON, GILBERT
  WESTON, WILLIE
  WINSTON, JEFF
  WINSTON, ZACK


Extracts of Appreciation

"To know that the people at home are squarely back of us just doubles our
determination to lick the Boche.... Our first Battalion was the first
American troops to capture prisoners without the aid of the French or
British."

  DAVID HOLLOWAY

July 8, 1918

"I beg to inform you that there are boys here from the largest cities in
the country who have been here a long time and never have received as much
as a card from the numerous organizations in their home cities while I
have had letters from Lanett Service Station and only been here a month.
The boys all admit that they have to take off their hats to Lanett for the
spirit the folks at home show in backing up the boys."

  HOBSON G. HEGGOOD

"And if it so be I will stand on the vine clad hills of sunny France and
give my life for a cause that is just and right."

  EVANS MCGHEE

June 14, 1918. _Eagle Pass, Texas_

"Our motto is 'Over the Top and give them H--' and you can take it from me
that is just what they are doing. Our boys are fighting like our
grandfathers fought back in the sixties and they are making for themselves
a name which will never be forgotten."

  DAVE HOLLOWAY.

September 21, 1918. _Musician, 167th Inf. Band, Somewhere in France_

"And I am glad that I have such a patriotic town to back me while I do a
little to help beat the Beast of Berlin."

  SGT. EUGENE C. STIFF.

July 23, 1918. _Company 9, 122d Infantry_

"I wish to thank you for the interest the Service Station is taking in me
and I am sure all the boys from dear old Lanett feel the same as
myself.... We had three battles with the 'Subs' on my last trip and I am
proud to say we got three 'Subs' out of three battles."

  CHAS. H. YARBROUGH.

_On Board U. S. S. Zeelandia_

"We drove the enemy out of places that looked impossible for it to be
done, tunnels and under hills and mountains several hundred feet deep, but
believe me we went in after them without any mercy and finally got them
going so fast we had to put doughboys in motor trucks and hook the
kitchens on behind to keep up with them."

  THOMAS M. SIMS.

November 30, 1918. _Company E, 307th Engineers_

"Again I offer you a rising and unanimous vote of thanks for your kind
letters. Number 10 reached me this week and did me more good than a check
for $50.00 would.... You will have to admit that when the world wanted
Germany licked they sent over the A. E. F. (After England Failed) and
three days after I reached the front the second time, the Kaiser packed
his trick clothes, threw his crown into the garbage pail, put on his
rubber boots and let himself out the back door."

  CORP. W. D. PURCELL

November 21, 1918

"You have no idea how we love to hear from home and to feel that you
remember us. We can fight a _heap_ better when we're reminded once in a
while that our loved ones are helping us by keeping us in touch with home
and sacrificing in numerous ways that we may be more comfortable."

  GEORGE BANKSTON

July 16, 1918. _The Rhode Island_

"It is just beginning to seem like 1919 to me and it will be a happy year
I am sure because it means that I am coming back to the only country on
earth with all my feet and hands still attached to me.

"Don't close the station until all of us are out of France. I would miss
your letters and I want to see all the folks at the station and thank them
for their backing and the interest taken in the boys."

  CORP. WM. D. PURCELL

January, 1919. _Somewhere in France_

"My chum called to me and we counted two hundred air planes going over to
Germany and they were all in sight at one time and they made me think of a
flock of wild geese back in the States."

  ALVER GUNN

October, 1918. _Somewhere in France_

"I thank God I am an American and will go down with my comrades if the
good Lord so wills that I go that way."

Extract from letter dated August 27, 1918, from Thomas Thomaston, Company
F, 167th Infantry, who was killed before his letter reached the Service
Station.

"Yesterday was Christmas and believe me we had some dinner--turkey, pies,
California cake, dressing, mashed potatoes, celery, tangerines, cigarettes
and one cigar and a few other things I did not know any name for--and that
makes me think, I thank you many, many times for the Christmas box. You
could not have sent anything that would have pleased me more and I assure
you it was appreciated by myself and friends."

  CORP. WM. D. PURCELL

December 26, 1918. _Co. A, 306th Am. Train_


[Illustration: WAR SERVICE COMMITTEE, _Lanett_

  J. I. WARNER, CHAIRMAN
  LILLIAN WARNER, SECRETARY
  J. L. WELDON
  J. H. HORRARTH
  J. A. SIMMONS]

[Illustration: RECEPTION ROOM. WAR SERVICE STATION. _Lanett_]

[Illustration: WAR SERVICE STATION, _Lanett_]

[Illustration: RED CROSS WORK ROOM, _Lanett_]


Managing Committee of Lanett

  GEO. H. LANIER
  GEO. S. HARRIS
  R. W. JENNINGS
  J. H. HOWARTH
  J. J. JORDAN

TEAM NO. 1

  GEO. S. HARRIS, _Captain_
  J. D. ANDERSON
  JOHN KNOWLES
  EDGAR MITCHELL
  W. W. WALLIS
  JOHN KING
  JOHN SIMMONS

TEAM NO. 2

  R. W. JENNINGS, _Captain_
  JOHN I. WARNER
  W. H. GRAY
  BRITT VEAZEY
  GEO. HEARD

TEAM NO. 3

  D. A. JOLLY, _Captain_
  TOM SWAN
  P. SORRELL
  W. HOLLIS
  GEO. CROMER
  B. PENNINGTON

TEAM NO. 4

  W. S. LEATHERWOOD, _Captain_
  C. E. LUNCEFORD
  H. E. MATHEWS
  A. J. WELDON
  J. N. BARROW

TEAM NO. 5

  TIPTON COFFEE, _Captain_
  REV. D. M. JOINER
  G. F. PARTRIDGE
  E. J. GILBERT
  R. D. KING

TEAM NO. 6

  D. J. CROWDER, _Captain_
  J. T. AUGHTMAN
  H. C. HAMILTON
  C. E. DELOACH
  SAM JONES

TEAM NO. 7

  LEWIS WRIGHT, _Captain_
  C. M. BRADY
  G. B. AVERY
  CLYDE BLAKELY
  GEO. LANIER

TEAM NO. 8

  SAMUEL HAYES, _Captain_
  K. KITCHENS
  PATRICK SULLIVAN
  KEIL HOWELL
  NEAL HOLSTUN

TEAM NO. 9

  W. F. SIMS, _Captain_
  E. R. CUMMINGS
  JOHN BREWER
  JNO. STRICKLAND
  SMITH LANIER

TEAM NO. 10

  DAWSON SWINT, _Captain_
  W. W. WHITSON
  SAM GOODMAN
  RAY COFFEE
  ARTHUR HAGEDORN
  L. S. PHILIPS

TEAM NO. 11

  J. J. JORDAN, _Captain_
  W. H. KNIGHT
  J. H. STEVENS
  TOM MCCLENDON
  U. S. WATERS

TEAM NO. 12

  JOHN HAGEDORN, _Captain_
  C. C. WILBANKS
  LEE HEYMAN
  C. W. MILFORD
  W. R. HARRISON

TEAM NO. 13

  DR. J. L. WELDON, _Captain_
  DR. WHATLEY
  J. H. ALLEN
  CARL CROUCH
  H. M. GAY

TEAM NO. 14

  T. L. CROUCH, _Captain_
  V. M. WOOD
  AMOS PRIESTER
  J. A. WHEELER
  O. K. WAITES

TEAM NO. 15

  O. A. BONNER, _Captain_
  HARVEY WELDON
  LUTHER BOYD
  WM. Z. TAYLOR
  O. C. MCCLENDON

TEAM NO. 16

  R. C. STANFIELD, _Captain_
  J. T. WINNINGHAM
  A. C. LYNN
  S. T. JONES

TEAM NO. 17

  JAMES WALLACE, _Captain_
  EMORY COFFEE
  W. H. WRIGHT
  E. P. RUTLAND
  PARKER HORN
  A. L. SMITH

TEAM NO. 18

  J. C. BERRY, _Captain_
  JESSE LAUDERMILK
  DR. MCCULLOH
  HOMER WILBANKS
  BOB HARRISON

TEAM NO. 19

  W. L. OSBORNE, _Captain_
  ED RAINEY
  W. H. HARVEY
  J. E. RIDGEWAY
  JOHN HARRISON


Committee of Ladies

TEAM NO. 20

  MRS. GEO. HARRIS, _Captain_
  MRS. C. W. WARNER
  MRS. J. L. WELDON
  MRS. DAWSON SWINT
  MRS. BRITT VEAZEY

TEAM NO. 21

  MRS. J. H. HOWARTH, _Captain_
  MRS. PATRICK SULLIVAN
  MRS. WILLIE GREY
  MRS. D. A. JOLLY
  MRS. C. E. DELOACH

TEAM NO. 22

  MRS. CHAS. STEVENS, _Captain_
  MISS CORDELIA MICOU
  MISS ESTELLE HEARD
  MRS. HOMER WILBANKS
  MISS RUBY PEARCE

TEAM NO. 23

  MRS. GEO. H. LANIER, _Captain_
  MRS. JOHN HAGEDORN
  MRS. LEE HEYMAN
  MRS. MORRIS DARDEN
  MISS KATIE SMITH
  MRS. JAMIE JOHNSON

TEAM NO. 24

  MRS. JOHN KING, _Captain_
  MISS FLORA CLYDE WARNER
  MISS HELEN HOWARTH
  MISS FLORENCE WELDON
  MISS HATTY KNOWLES

TEAM NO. 25

  MRS. S. L. HAYES, _Captain_
  MRS. ADAH STEVENS
  MISS GERTRUDE CROWDER
  MISS GRACE STEVENS
  MISS FRANCES WALLACE


Committee Report

  Second Liberty Loan            $1,650.00
  Third Liberty Loan             53,700.00
  Fourth Liberty Loan            55,850.00
  Victory Liberty Loan           30,300.00
                                ----------
            Total              $141,500.00

  United War Work Fund           $2,451.00
  First Red Cross War Fund       $1,822.56
  Second Red Cross War Fund      $5,294.00
  War Stamps                   $104,707.00
  Salvation Army Drive             $313.40


From Lanett Red Cross

  Sweaters                       38
  Sox, pairs                     23
  Pajamas, pairs                 21
  Towels                         44
  Bed shirts                     78
  Bandages                       65
  Comfort kits                    5
  Convalescent robes              6
  Refugee garments             1006


  Letters written to boys in Service              1972
  Letters received from boys in Service            423
  Other letters written                            291
  Number of packages forwarded                      57
  Number of visitors at War Service Station       2515
  Total now in Service: white 164, colored 37      201
  Number of Bulletins mailed                      2648
  Killed in action                                   6
  Died of disease                                    1
  Wounded                                           16




_Shawmut_


[Illustration: =Sgt. Curtis Avery= Amer. Military Com. Q.M.C.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Herbert Avery= S.A.T.C.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. John J. Baker= Company C 39th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Corp. J. C. Barnes= Company I 167th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Corp. D. H. Barnes= 5th Aero Squadron Rep.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Floyd Blackwelder= S.A.T.C.]

[Illustration: =Capt. J. I. Bowles= Company E 106th Supply Train]

[Illustration: =Pvt. James Bridges= Company H 167th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Hoyt A. Canady= Company K 167th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. John Carmack= 7th Co. 13th M.P.C. Embarkation Center]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Elige Champion= Battery E 117th Field Artillery]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Claudius H. Cole= (Marine) Balloon Det. H.A.F.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. J. W. Conway= Company C 151st Mach. Gun Btn.]

[Illustration: =Sgt. Cliff Conway= Company F 103d Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Marion L. Connell= Company A 48th Mach. Gun Btn.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Geo. Cottle= Battery D 18th Field Artillery]

[Illustration: =Roy D. Coulter= Marine]

[Illustration: =Sgt. Jones S. Davis= Base Hospital 21]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Jakie S. Edge= Company K 1st Pioneers Inf.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. H. H. Elloit= 20th Co. 5th Tr. Btn. 156th Depot
Brigade]

[Illustration: =Corp. Howard S. Fling= Company I 167th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Kenon Foster= 11th Infantry Nov. Repl.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. G. W. Hollis= Cas. Company 43 162d Depot Brigade Tent
Area 4]

[Illustration: =Sgt. John F. Hollis= Squadron 488 Const.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Clyde Huff= Company I 167th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Floyd Hughey= U.S.N.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Reuben Howell= Company I Development Battalion]

[Illustration: =Pvt. T. B. James= 40th Co. 10th Tr. Btn. 157th Depot
Brigade]

[Illustration: =Pvt. J. M. Jarrell= Battery D 129th Field Artillery]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Walter Jarrell= 4th Prov. Company]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Adolphus Johnson= Oversea Casual Co. 24th Camp Pike.
A.R.D.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Burl D. Jones= Company E 167th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Wag. R. L. Jones= H.S. Company 106th San. Tr.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Hiram A. Keel= Company B 52d Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Geo. Kemp= Battery C 6th Field Artillery]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Mac Lackey= 4th Provisional Co.]

[Illustration: =Sgt. T. B. Lanier= Bakery Co. 366 Quartermaster Corps]

[Illustration: =Corp. C. M. Lawhorn= Company H 167th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. J. C. Lyons= Company I 167th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Corp. W. F. McCarley= Company I 167th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Wm. P. Mangrum= Company H 167th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Wilfred O. Mangrum= Company D 17th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Rance A. Milam= Company I 327th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Otis B. Newman= Company M 331st Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. N. D. Phillips= 243d M.P. Co.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Frank Pitts= Company H 167th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Horace L. Pratt= 801. 343 Q.M.C.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Harold Pritchard= S.A.T.C.]

[Illustration: =Lee Ruff= U.S. Navy U.S.S. Von Stubin]

[Illustration: =Sgt. J. C. Sewell= Company E 106th Supply Train]

[Illustration: =Corp. J. R. Sharpe= Company B 102d Infantry]

[Illustration: =T. A. Simms= U.S. Navy U.S.S. Mt. Vernon]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Alva Smith= 17th Co. 5th Tr. Btn. 157th Depot
Brigade]

[Illustration: =Pvt. L. C. Smith= S.A.T.C.]

[Illustration: =1st Lieut. A. C. Smith= 301st E. Remount Sqd.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. E. L. Spivey= 22d Co. 6th Tr. Btn. 157th Depot
Brigade]

[Illustration: =Corp. J. H. Stephens= Bakery Company 2 Q.M.C. Det.]

[Illustration: =J. S. Sledge= U.S. Navy U.S.S. Louisiana]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Thomas H. Still= Company C 161st Infantry]

[Illustration: =Bugler C. T. Terrell= Company I 167th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Thomas M. Aikens= Battery D 18th Field Artillery]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Bennie Thomas= Marine]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Thomas G. Tyson= Company I 6th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Wag. John T. Wallace= Supply Company 11th Infantry]

[Illustration: =W. L. Warren= U.S. Navy U.S.S. Oklahoma]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Sam J. Warren= Cas. Company 63 162d Depot Brigade]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Kyle Waters= 327th Field Hospital 307th San. Train]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Roy Watkins= Machine Gun Co. 56th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Clinton Waters= U.S. Navy U.S.S. Rathhurn]

[Illustration: =Pvt. John D. Whatley= A. & B. School Camp Sevier, S.C.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. John Deward White= Hdqtrs. Company 321st Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Olin Whitlaw= Cas. Company 33 Cas. Detachment 162d
Depot Brigade]

[Illustration: =Corp. Paul W. Smith= Company G 1st Pioneers Infantry 2d
Btn. H.Q.I.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Floyd White= Company D 23d Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Joe Word= 122d A.C. 106th San. Train]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Bernard Manley= Company A 113th F.A.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. N. B. Murphy= Student Marine Training Corps]

[Illustration: =Private A. E. Beaird= Company I 327th Infantry]


Roll of Honor

  ¦_Killed in action_
  +_Died of disease_
  *_Photo_

  ADCOCK, COY
  *AIKENS, THOMAS
  *AVERY, CURTIS
  *AVERY, HERBERT

  *BAKER, JOHN J.
  *BARNES, D. H.
  *BARNES, J. C.
  ¦BEARD, A. E.
  *BLACKWELDER, FLOYD
  *BOWLES, J. T.
  ¦*BRIDGES, JIM

  *CANADY, HOYT A.
  *CARMACK, JOHN
  *CHAMPION, LIGE
  *COLE, CLAUDIUS H.
  *CONNELL, MARION L.
  *CONWAY, CLIFFORD
  *CONWAY, J. W.
  *COTTLE, GEORGE
  *COULTER, ROY D.
  CROWDER, LEE

  ¦DABBS, H. L.
  *DAVIS, J. S.
  DELOACH, BIRDIE E.
  DELOACH, O. D.

  *EDGE, J. S.
  *ELLOIT, HOMER H.

  *FLING, H. S.
  *FOSTER, KENON
  FOSTER, RUFUS M.

  GARRETT, CARL

  HESTLEY, DAN M.
  *HOLLIS, G. W.
  *HOLLIS, J. F.
  *HOWELL, REUBEN
  *HUFF, CLYDE
  *HUGHEY, T. F.
  HUMPHREY, JEWELL

  *JAMES, T. B.
  *JARRELL, J. M.
  *JARRELL, WALTER
  *JOHNSON, ALDOLPHUS
  *JONES, BURL D.
  *JONES, ROBT. L.

  *KEEL, HIRAM H.
  *KEMP, GEORGE
  KENNINGTON, GRADY
  KENNINGTON, JAKE

  *LACKEY, MAC
  *LANIER, T. B.
  *LAWHORNE, C. M.
  LINDSEY, O. L.
  *LYONS, J. C.

  *MANGRUM, WILFORD
  ¦*MANGRUM, WM. P.
  MANLEY, BERNARD
  *MILAM, RANCE
  MURPHY, N. B.
  *MCCARLEY, W. F.

  *NEWMAN, OTIS B.

  *PHILLIPS, DENSON
  *PITTS, FRANK
  *PRATT, HORACE L.
  *PRITCHARD, HAROLD

  *RUFF, LEE

  *SEWELL, J. C.
  SHARPE, A. E.
  *SHARPE, J. R.
  *SIMMS, A. T.
  *SLEDGE, J. S.
  *SMITH, ALVA
  *SMITH, A. C.
  *SMITH, COOPER
  SMITH, ELISH
  SMITH, ERNEST
  *SMITH, PAUL W.
  SMITH, JOHN WILL
  *SPIVEY, E. L.
  SPIVEY, FORREST
  *STEPHENS, J. H.
  *STILL, T. H.

  TAUNTON, JESSE
  TAYLOR, C. Z.
  *TERRELL, C. T.
  ¦*THOMAS, BENNIE
  *TYSON, THOMAS

  *WALLACE, JOHN T.
  *WARREN, SAM
  *WARREN, W. L.
  *WATERS, CLINTON
  *WATERS, KYLE
  *WATKINS, ROY W.
  ¦*WHATLEY, JOHN D.
  *WHITE, FLOYD
  *WHITE, JOHN D.
  *WHITLOW, OLIN
  *WORD, JOE


Colored

  BOYD, CHARLIE
  BOYD, OCIE
  BROOKS, AMOS
  BROOKS, JESSIE
  BROOKS, WILLIE LEE

  CHAMBERS, JOHN
  COOPER, JEFF
  COPELAND, GEORGE

  GIBSON, B. C.

  ¦HAFFNER, RICHARD

  LITTLEFIELD, B. K.

  MASON, JOHN
  MITTS, JOHN

  OLIVER, WESLEY

  REESE, JOHN T.


Extracts of Appreciation

"The people here are different from any other section of France. Their
customs and dress are very peculiar, in fact, reminds me very much of the
people of Holland. They wear wooden shoes and have a dialect all their
own. French people from the more up-to-date parts of France have
difficulty in speaking to and understanding them. The country is flat and
marshy, and windmills like those of Holland can be seen. It is very
pleasant in summer but in the winter I think it must be very cold, for
already it is getting very cold at night and in the morning. I do not
think we will be here long, though I do not know where we will go from
here. Perhaps where the big guns roar and the bombs drop from the skies.
Well, we have been anxious to go up front, and no doubt our chance will
come some day. We have been doing some mighty important work back here in
the S. O. S. but it is the nature of an American to want to be where the
excitement is thickest."

  J. F. H.

October 8, 1918

"This helmet was picked up on the morning of October 16th as we were
returning to the rear from a convoy in the heart of the Argonne, near the
village of Cheppy. The wearer who had fallen earlier in the day was an old
soldier perhaps sixty-five years old and belonged to the 419th Division of
the Saxon Bombardiers. More than a hundred German and American Troops lay
dead within sight.

"The probable cause of his death was high explosive, as he was torn up
very badly.

"In an area of two square miles many hundred of these could have been
gathered. I took an interest in this one on account of its high polish for
camouflage purposes, something new to us at that time."

  A. C. S.

"We spent quite a different life from this in the English waters where we
put in many monotonous months waiting for the Hun to come out. We were
sorry he came out the way he did for we were just aching to exchange
broadsides with him.

"My ship convoyed one-half million troops through what is called the
'Submarines' Graveyard,' off the coast of Ireland, during the months of
September and October."

  W. W.

January 1, 1919

"The boys in the outfit I belong to were the first to cross the Meuse
River and were in the first lines when the guns stopped firing at 11
o'clock on the 11th day on the 11th month in the year 1918."

  J. T. W.

December 21, 1918

"I now belong to the Army of Occupation. We are going through what is to
my thinking the prettiest country yet. My battery has hiked some four
hundred and twenty-five kilometers since we fired our last barrage--and
believe me, that was some barrage--'The Million Dollar One'. It will take
a long time before I forget it. I stood on a hill and watched and
listened. IT WAS GREAT. I guess about ten or twelve regiments of the
American Artillery and I don't know how many of the French took part. The
best of old Heinie's guns were being used. If he knew the sound of them as
well as we did, he knew that we were firing his OWN guns at him. They have
a very peculiar and creepy sound, see?"

  G. F. K.

December 4, 1918

"I had the pictures struck yesterday. And to show you how much speed there
is here in France--for this is an instance of real speed--

"The guy who runs the shop pounded me on the back and said, 'Bon,
bon-apres un mayr photo finie'. Anybody that has to put up with that kind
of lingo and fight this war has sure got some job. Well, after tearing out
about all of my hair and using three different Franco-American
dictionaries I finally managed to get this out of the scraps, 'Good, good,
after one month, picture finished'.

"Remember that was only yesterday."

  C. H.

October 25, 1918

"If this letter reaches you safely you can say it came through from the
infernal regions, for if there was ever a 'Hell's Half Acre' this must be
it. Put your finger on the biggest forest in France and say I'm there. Six
weeks like a rat, three of which is like a whirlwind sweeping through
Hades day or night, no rest, but forever watching, waiting, working by
candle light deep down in a dug-out, or no light at all. This certainly
cannot last much longer. It does us good to know there is one place where
everything is like it used to be. I certainly am glad SHAWMUT is still
natural and hope someday soon to get back there and take up my work where
I left off."

  A. C. S.

"I wish to express my sincere appreciation of the personal letter service
which has been rendered me. It is the wonderful and unselfish spirit of
the folks back home, which has made the men of the A. E. F. willing and
eager to 'carry on'."

  J. S. D.

December 22, 1918

"I was sitting on my bunk trying to write these few lines, when my bunkie
jumped up all at once and said a few words (I can't tell you what he
said). At first I thought that he was shot but I found out what the
trouble was, only a 'cootie bite'."

  D. H. B.

September 23, 1918

"If there is one thing that stands out preeminently in a soldier's daily
schedule across the sea, as to helpfulness it is 'that letter' or little
bit of news from home (America). If you good people who are carrying on
the work of the 'Home Guards' could see the eager faces of the Yanks at
mail time, as they congregate for mail distributions, I am sure you would
agree that time spent in writing to 'Over There' boys, is at least
appreciated to the fullest."

  J. H. S.

September 22, 1918

"I appreciate having my name on the list at the War Service Station very
much. I enjoy the Bulletin from the first to the last and hope I'll never
miss one as long as the war lasts."

  H. A.

October 6, 1918

"I was indeed surprised, a few days since, to receive a letter from you
good people of my old home town reminding me that you still remember me
and appreciate the effort that we boys are making to do our 'bit' for the
just and righteous cause in which we are all enlisted.

"Your promise to write us from time to time of the items of interest at
home especially gratifying, for local news nowadays, possesses far more
interest and diversion for us than does the doings and happenings of the
remainder of the 'great, wide, beautiful, wonderful world'."

  C. T. T.

July 10, 1918

"It makes one feel good to know that he is remembered back home, not only
by his parents, but by his friends as well. You don't know, you can't
know, just how much good you are doing and just how it makes us feel when
stationed at a remote camp, where we know no one, to get a letter from
friends at home, who are interested in us. It makes us feel as though
nothing on earth could prevent us from winning this war--and _we shall
win_."

  R. D. C.

June 21, 1918

"We leave this port the tenth of December and proceed nine hundred miles
off this coast and meet President Wilson and his party, who are coming
over to the Peace Conference on the George Washington, convoyed by the
super-dreadnaught, Pennsylvania, and six destroyers.

"There are nine big dreadnaughts in our fleet lying here who will go out
and convoy them to Brest, France."

  W. L. W.

December 8, 1918


[Illustration: WAR SERVICE STATION, _Shawmut_]

[Illustration: WAR SERVICE COMMITTEE, _Shawmut_

  G. C. WAGNON
  C. A. SINGLETERRY
  J. T. HOLLIS
  GEO. W. MURPHY
  MRS. JACK PLAUT, ASS'T SEC'Y
  J. R. EDWARDS
  MRS. MARY M. BUGG, SEC'Y]

[Illustration: RED CROSS WORK ROOM, _Shawmut_]

[Illustration: RECEPTION ROOM, WAR SERVICE STATION, _Shawmut_]


Committees

Y. M. C. A. DRIVE

Subscription, $338.35


RED CROSS CHRISTMAS MEMBERSHIP DRIVE

  EDWARDS, J. R.
  MURPHY, G. W.
  WHITEHEAD, J. L.

Subscription, $100.00


RED CROSS WAR FUND DRIVE

  BUGG, MRS.
  EDWARDS, J. R.
  WAGNON, MRS.
  WHITEHEAD, J. L.

Subscription, $1,186.00


RED CROSS CHRISTMAS ROLL CALL

  BUGG, MRS. M. M.
  JONES, T. T.
  KEMP, MRS. F. S.

Subscription, $150.00


UNITED WAR FUND DRIVE

  COLE, LOYD
  CROWDER, J. J.
  CROWDER, WALT
  HERRING, DR.
  HOLLIS, J. T.
  JOHNSON, E. J.
  JONES, T. T.
  KEMP, F. S.
  MURPHY, G. W.
  PRITCHARD, MRS. P.
  SINGLETERRY, C. A.
  UNDERWOOD, W. L.
  WAGNON, G. C.
  WALLS, J. S.

Subscription, $1,944.10


ARMENIAN RELIEF FUND

Subscription, $101.50


SALVATION ARMY DRIVE

Subscription, $100.70


SECOND LIBERTY LOAN

  JONES, T. T.
  MURPHY, G. W.
  MURPHY, O. G.
  SINGLETERRY, C. A.
  WAGNON, G. C.

Subscription, $1,750.00


THIRD LIBERTY LOAN

  CROWDER, J. J.
  EDWARDS, J. R.
  HOLLIS, J. T.
  JOHNSON, E. J.
  JONES, T. T.
  KEMP, F. S.
  KEMP, MISS GRACE
  MURPHY, G. W.
  MURPHY, O. G.
  SINGLETERRY, C. A.
  WAGNON, G. C.
  WALLS, J. S.
  UNDERWOOD, W. L.

Subscription, $24,350.00


FOURTH LIBERTY LOAN

  CROWDER, J. J.
  EDWARDS, J. R.
  HOLLIS, J. T.
  JOHNSON, E. J.
  JONES, MRS. T. T.
  JONES, T. T.
  KEMP, F. S.
  MURPHY, G. W.
  MURPHY, O. G.
  PRITCHARD, DR. P.
  SINGLETERRY, C. A.
  UNDERWOOD, W. L.
  WAGNON, G. C.
  WALLS, J. S.
  WHITEHEAD, J. W.

Subscription, $25,200.00


VICTORY LOAN CAMPAIGN

Subscription, $10,500.00


WAR SAVINGS STAMPS

Subscription, $10,500.00

                                              Total

  Liberty and Victory Loans                $61,800.00
  War Saving Stamps                         10,500.00
  United War Fund                            1,944.10
  Membership and Subscription Red Cross      1,436.00
  Y. M. C. A.                                  338.35
  Salvation Army                               100.70
  Armenian Relief                              101.50


Committee Report

  Number of boys who left for Service from Shawmut                  111
  Number of colored boys                                             14
  Number of boys discharged before War Service Station started        5
  Number of boys whose address was unlocated                         10
                                                                   ----
                                                                     29

  Number of boys on writing list                                     82
  Number of boys who died in Service                                  7
  Number of boys known to be wounded                                 20
  Number of boys who have written to War Service Station             61
  Number of visitors to Station                                    2950
  Number of letters sent to boys in Service                        1267
  Number of other letters mailed                                    464
  Number of Bulletins mailed                                       1650
  Number of packages forwarded                                      125
  Number of letters received from boys in Service                   283
  Number of pieces of mail sent out from War Service Station       3188


From Shawmut Red Cross

  T bandages                                    91
  Bed shirts                                    48
  Triangular bandages                          103
  Abdominal bandages                            79
  Sweaters                                     116
  Sox, pairs                                    11
  Refugee aprons                                20
  Helpless case shirts                          12
  Pajamas, pairs                                20
  Refugee dresses                               10
  Comfort bags                                   5
  Refugee shirts                                 5
  Convalescent robes                            10
  Garments to Belgian and French refugees      482
  Towels in shower                             125
  Influenza masks for influenza epidemic      1000
  Garments in Christmas box                    160
  Inspection of boys' Christmas boxes.


Junior Red Cross

  Collected 1917-1918        $60.00
  Collected 1918-1919         50.00
  Sweaters                        6
  Hospital blanket                1
  Sox, pairs                     15
  Utility bags                   10
  Monthly hospital booklets.




_Langdale_


[Illustration: =Grady Allen= U.S.S. Susquehanna]

[Illustration: =Pvt. William F. Bailey= Battery E 117th Field Artillery]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Charles Bailey= Battery D 117th Field Artillery]

[Illustration: =Pvt. James Arthur Bates= 38th Co. 10th Tr. Btn. 157th
Depot Brigade]

[Illustration: =Pvt. William A. Blanks= Hdqtrs. Military Police]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Walter Blackwell= 57th Company M.T.C.]

[Illustration: =Lieut. J. Mem Bohannon= Company I 167th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Walter T. Bohannon= Cavalry Camp Remount]

[Illustration: =Bugler Henry J. Brannon= Battery F 50th Artillery C.A.C.]

[Illustration: =Douglas Brittingham= U.S.S. Pennsylvania]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Poet Canady= Company C 321st Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Alsberry Carlisle= 9th Company 167th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Johnnie E. Carriker= Truck Company 2 106th Am. Train]

[Illustration: =Cook Eddie L. Crawford= Hdqtrs. Troop 4th Division]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Robert R. Crawford= Company A 29th Mach. Gun Btn.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. J. Ben Crenshaw= 57th Company M.T.D.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Amos M. Crenshaw= Cas. Company 465]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Roy Culberson= Company H 328th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Ocie Lee Deloach= F.R.S. 327]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Richmond Earles= Company 5 H.Q.R.S.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Joseph A. Fobus= Battery E 117th Field Artillery]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Rufus M. Foster= 327th Field Hospital 307th San.
Train]

[Illustration: =Luther Frazier= Sub Chaser 204]

[Illustration: =Pvt. W. A. Fuller= Supply Co. 321st Infantry]

[Illustration: =Sgt. Jessee L. Glass= A.P.O. 927]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Keener Gray= 3d Prov. Company O.A.R.D.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Austin M. Hornsby= Hdqtrs. Company 17th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Ronald E. James= Battery D 114th Field Artillery]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Olin Johnson= Company D 89th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. James Lee Johnson= 21st Company R.R.D.]

[Illustration: =Cook Ellis Joseph= Base Hospital]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Oscar W. Kent= 260th Company 130th Btn. M.P.C.]

[Illustration: =Hugh S. Bates= Naval Training Station]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Ocie Laney= Supply Company 10th F.A., A.P.O. 740]

[Illustration: =Sgt. Thomas Landreth= Company F 17th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. S. H. Lauderdale= 69th Company 6th Group]

[Illustration: =Sgt. Homer McClendon= Company B U.S.A. Gen. Hosp. 36]

[Illustration: =Sgt. Sam McDonald= Company F 167th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Benjamin F. McGarr= Battery F 7th Field Artillery]

[Illustration: =Pvt. William C. Manning= Company B 47th Reg. T.C.]

[Illustration: =Eulos Moon= U.S. Naval Air Station]

[Illustration: =Clarence Morris= U.S.S. Cincinnati]

[Illustration: =James M. Newton= U.S.S. Anniston]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Will O'Neal= Cas. Company 61 162d Depot Brigade]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Amos Orrick= Troop A 14th Cavalry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Fred Perryman= Company M 49th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Luther Shelnut= Cas. Company 43 162d Depot Brigade]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Walter Lee Smith= 4th Company O.A.R.D. Automatic]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Douglas M. Smith= Hdqtrs. Company 57th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. G. F. Tankersley= Battery E 117th Field Artillery]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Zachery Thompson= 71st Company 6th Group M.T.D.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. J. O. Threadgill= 17th Company 162d Depot Brigade]

[Illustration: =Ellis Waller= Naval Training Station Reg. 4 Sec. 9]

[Illustration: =Sgt. Luke Wesson= Supply Company 167th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Walter H. Whatley= 3d Ordnance Guard Co.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Johnnie Williams= Bakery Company 358]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Tommy Young= Company G 2d Training Regiment]


Roll of Honor

  +_Died of disease_
  ¦_Killed in action_

  ALLEN, GRADY

  BAILEY, CHARLES
  BAILEY, WILLIAM F.
  BASSETT, BRYANT
  BATES, HUGH S.
  BATES, JAMES ARTHUR
  BLACKWELL, WALTER
  BLANKS, WILLIAM A.
  ¦BOHANNON, J. MEM
  +BOHANNON, WALTER T.
  BOON, GRADY
  BRANNON, HENRY J.
  BRITTINGHAM, DOUGLAS

  CANADY, POET
  CARLISLE, ALSBERRY
  CARRIKER, JOHNNIE E.
  CRAWFORD, EDDIE L.
  CRAWFORD, ROBERT R.
  CRENSHAW, AMOS M.
  CRENSHAW, J. BEN
  CROWDER, OTIS
  CULBERSON, ROY

  DANIEL, EUGENE R.
  DELOACH, OCIE LEE

  EARLES, RICHMOND
  EARLES, SCHUSLER

  FOBUS, JOSEPH ADIE
  FOSTER, RUFUS M.
  FOSTER, WALTER LEE
  FRAZIER, LUTHER
  FULLER, W. A.

  GLASS, JESSEE L.
  GRAY, KEENER

  HORNSBY, AUSTIN M.

  JAMES, RONALD E.
  ¦JOHNSON, JAMES LEE
  JOHNSON, OLIN
  JOSEPH, ELLIS

  KENT, OSCAR W.

  LANDRETH, THOMAS
  LANEY, OCIE
  ¦LAUDERDALE, S. H.

  MANNING, WILLIAM C.
  MOON, EULOS
  MORRIS, CLARENCE
  MCCLENDON, HOMER
  MCDONALD, SAM
  MCGARR, BENJAMIN F.

  NEWTON, JAMES M.

  O'NEAL, WILL
  ORRICK, AMOS

  ¦PERRYMAN, FRED

  ROBERTS, ANDREW

  SHELNUT, LUTHER
  SMITH, CHARLES M.
  SMITH, DOUGLAS M.
  SMITH, WALTER LEE
  ¦STANFIELD, CHARLIE D.
  STEPHENS, ALBERT E.

  TANKERSLEY, GEORGE F.
  THOMPSON, ZACHARY
  THREADGILL, J. O.
  TYSON, FRED

  WALLER, ELLIS
  WESSON, LUKE
  WHATLEY, WALTER H.
  WILLIAMS, JOHNNIE

  YOUNG, TOMMY


Colored

  BROOKS, JESS
  FINLEY, ALTON
  ISON, GUSS
  TAYLOR, GUY
  TAYLOR, MANUAL
  WINSTON, FRANK


Extracts of Appreciation

"I appreciate all the letters which you have written to me and it
certainly livens a fellow up and makes him feel good to receive all the
news from home and know just what is being done."

"I am proud to be represented in the service flag."

"Am glad to hear from you and to know that you are doing such wonderful
work for the boys."

"Thanking you all for the joy that comes with your ever welcome letters."

"I want you to tell your fellow members in the War Service Station that as
a man in the service I can heartily appreciate the work you are doing for
the benefit of the men in the service and I think it is a splendid thing."

"Please accept my sincere thanks for all the letters, magazines and other
things you have sent."

"Thanking you for remembering me and wishing you much success with your
work."

"Am sure this system will prove a success as the boys will all appreciate
the work of the Service Station."

"I am grateful to you and proud of our War Service Station."

"I am sure the good work that the Langdale War Service Station is doing
for the boys in the service is very much appreciated. No one has an idea
what it means until they are in the Service and are remembered as we are
by the Service Station."

"Can assure you that your letters and all good work is more than
appreciated."

"My best wishes for a prosperous Station, but then how could it be
otherwise when it is for the good of Democracy and especially for the
Liberty of these dear old 'United States'."

"I am not going to try to thank you for all the good news and letters I
received when I reached port, this time. It was just grand."

"If you could visit this place once, my dear friends, you would know what
a good place the U. S. A. is. Everything is out of date, even the women
are all curious looking."

"It may be six or eight months before I get back to dear old Langdale. Of
course it seems very hard to stay, but if my country needs me I am
willing."


[Illustration: WAR SERVICE COMMITTEE, _Langdale_

  W. H. ENLOE, CHAIRMAN
  W. T. DRAPER
  A. C. BOYD
  C. M. MOORE
  W. L. CLARK
  MISS OLLIE GARDNER, SECRETARY]

[Illustration: RED CROSS WORK ROOM, _Langdale_]

[Illustration: WAR SERVICE STATION, _Langdale_]

[Illustration: INTERIOR WAR SERVICE STATION, _Langdale_]


Committees

Subscriptions to First Liberty Loan were through the bank and we have no
record of them.


SECOND LIBERTY LOAN

Subscription, $5,000.00


THIRD LIBERTY LOAN

  L. LANIER, _V.-Chairman of Chambers Co._
  W. H. ENLOE, _Chairman of Langdale_

Subscription, $40,600.00


FOURTH LIBERTY LOAN

  L. LANIER, _V.-Chairman of Chambers Co._
  CARL. M. MOORE, _Chairman of Langdale_

Subscription, $14,900.00


UNITED WAR WORK CAMPAIGN

  A. C. BOYD, _Chairman of Langdale_

Subscription, $1,797.75


Y. M. C. A.

Subscription, $625.00


VICTORY LOAN CAMPAIGN

  W. H. ENLOE, _Chairman_

Subscription, $10,100.00


FIRST RED CROSS WAR FUND

  W. H. ENLOE, _Chairman of Langdale_

Subscription, $2,353.02


SECOND RED CROSS WAR FUND

  L. LANIER, _Chairman of Chambers Co._
  W. H. ENLOE, _Chairman of Langdale_

Subscription, $2,390.03


WAR SAVINGS STAMPS

  A. C. BOYD, _Chairman of Chambers Co._
  GEO. T. JOHNSON, _Chairman of Langdale_

Subscription, $32,000.00


LANGDALE CHAPTER RED CROSS

  MRS. L. LANIER, _Chairman_


FOUR-MINUTE-MEN

  CARL M. MOORE, _Chairman_
  A. C. BOYD
  W. H. ENLOE
  W. L. CLARK
  W. T. DRAPER


SALVATION ARMY DRIVE

  CARL MOORE, _Chairman_

Subscription, $160.00


                                                 Total

  Liberty and Victory Loans                   $70,600.00
  Membership and Subscription Red Cross         4,743.05
  Y. M. C. A.                                     625.00
  Salvation Army                                  160.00
  United War Fund                               1,797.75
  War Saving Stamps                            32,000.00


Committee Report

  Letters written boys in Service               894
  Letters from boys in Service                  263
  Miscellaneous letters written                 564
  Number of parcels or packages forwarded       363
  Number of visitors at Station                1623
  Boys leaving during month for Service
  Total number in Service                        74
  Number of Bulletins mailed                   1153
  Killed in action                                4
  Died of wounds                                  1
  Died of disease                                 1
  Wounded                                         2


From Langdale Red Cross

  Sweaters                            56
  Sox, pairs                         166
  Triangular bandages                326
  T bandages                         292
  Abdominal bandages                 255
  Bed shirts                          92
  Hospital shirts                     10
  Refugee aprons                      45
  Refugee dresses                     20
  Pajamas, pairs                      24
  Operating robes                     12
  Refugee garments                  1202
  Bath towels                        100
  Shoes, pairs                        13


Junior Red Cross

  Triangular bandages                 50
  Refugee garments                   167
  Cash                             $5.00
  Scrap books                         30
  Barrels of nuts collected            4
  Pounds of tinfoil collected         15
  Property bags                       20




_Fairfax_


[Illustration: =Pvt. Edwin Abernathy= Company F 321st Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Young T. Abernathy= Company B 46th Engineers]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Albert Carl Austin= Company F 3d Training Regiment]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Sam A. Bradshaw= 325th Ambulance Co. 307th Sanitary
Train]

[Illustration: =Corp. James P. Bradfield= Company C 1st Gas Regiment]

[Illustration: =Ensign Frank L. Branson= Naval Flying Corps]

[Illustration: =Seaman Alvin F. Bradfield= U.S.S. Shaw]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Calvin G. Bradfield= Company E 1st Regiment
Engineers]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Herbert Bradshaw= Detached Infantry Adj. Gen. Office
Georgia]

[Illustration: =Pvt. John W. Brittain= Company C 45th Mach. Gun Btn.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Thomas A. Broome= 2d Battery R.A.R.R.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Claude L. Carter= Company H 26th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Leonard Carter= Company D 307th Engineers]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Y. Toxie Chambley= Company C 321st Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. James E. Combs= S.A.T.C. Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Homer D. Chambley= Battery D 70th Field Artillery]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Leonard M. Chapman= Mach. Gun Company 321st Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. E. T. Combs= Quartermaster Corps Naval Aviation T.C.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Forest Davis= Company 39 Recruiting Camp]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Nello M. Dixon= Company H 167th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. I. Grady Dixon= Hdqtrs. Troops 82d Division]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Leon Duffey= Company A 165th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Terry Aubrey Dunn= Company H 167th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Robert Ennis= Hdqtrs. Company 55th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. J. T. Franklin= Bakery Company 365]

[Illustration: =Cook Curtis R. Gauntt= Battery B 321st Infantry]

[Illustration: =Sgt. Wm. P. Gilliland= Company E 106th Am. Train]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Charles W. Glass= Company F 151st Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Jno. V. Haerenborgh= R.R.D. No. 3]

[Illustration: =Sailor Jos. E. Hall= U.S.S. ----]

[Illustration: =Pvt. R. E. Wilson= 634 Aero Squadron]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Henry Hodnett= Company 17 5th Receiving Btn.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Arthur Hollis= Battery D 117th Field Artillery]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Thomas E. Kinney= Company E 106th Sup. Train]

[Illustration: =2d Lt. H. B. Kirkpatrick= 21st Company Infantry Reserve
Corps]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Jessie E. Landers= Company E 1st Development Btn.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Polie L. Lilly= Battery D 114th Field Artillery]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Will McIntyre= 21st Company R.R.D.]

[Illustration: =2d Cl. Fmn. B. F. Martin= U.S.S. Newton]

[Illustration: =Pvt. W. Evin Martin= Company I 327th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Corp. T. E. Middleton= 106th Trench Mortar Battery]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Johnnie Moore= 19th Company 5th Training Btn. 157th
Depot Brigade]

[Illustration: =1st Lt. J. C. Morgan= 233d Amb. Company 9th Sanitary
Train]

[Illustration: =Sailor Carl Newton= U.S.S. Orion]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Walter Nichols= 7th Regiment M.P. School]

[Illustration: =Pvt. George W. Norrel= Battery D 18th Field Artillery]

[Illustration: =1st Cl. Fmn. C. Oliver= U.S.S. Patterson]

[Illustration: =Yeoman T. M. Piper= U.S.S. Baltimore]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Rubin Powell= Ft. Oglethorpe, Ga.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Geo. W. Reaves= Company A 51st Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Wm. D. Satterwhite= Company D 20th Mach. Gun Btn.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Tom W. Smith= Field Remount Sqd. 33]

[Illustration: =Pvt. John T. Smith= Field Remount Sqd. 330]

[Illustration: =Pvt. John L. Smith= Company D 321st Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Fred L. Stalnaker= 76th Group 6th M.T.D.]

[Illustration: =Corp. W. L. Stalnaker= Company D 161st Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. C. D. Stalnaker= 64th Company 16th Receiving Btn.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Henry Taunton= Company D 5th Mach. Gun Btn.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Jesse Taunton= Company M 182d Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Dewey Taylor= Company C 20th Mach. Gun Btn.]

[Illustration: =Sgt. Henry Guy Taylor= Supply Company 2d Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Cephas Taylor= Company B 3d Regiment]

[Illustration: =Pvt. William C. Taylor= Battery B 149th Field Artillery]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Homer E. Thomas= Company G 161st Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. T. Howard Turner= Company B Development Btn.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Emmett Welch= 5th Company Air Service]

[Illustration: =Sgt. Harvey A. Welch= 106th Mobile Ordnance Repair Shop]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Joe Wessinger= Battery F 114th Field Artillery]

[Illustration: =William M. Whittington= Company I 167th Reg. 42nd Div.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. A. C. Williams= Aero Squadron Roosevelt Field]

[Illustration: =Corp. James E. Williams= Battery E 117th Field Artillery]

[Illustration: =Pvt. G. Harold Williams= Company B 17th Engineers]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Oscar L. Williams= Headquarters Company 321st
Infantry Band]

[Illustration: =Pvt. John O. Williams= Company C 1st Division Battalion]


Roll of Honor

  ¦_Killed in action_

  ABERNATHY, EDWIN
  ABERNATHY, YOUNG T.
  AUSTIN, ALBERT CARL

  BOZEMAN, HUGH
  BRADFIELD, ALVIN F.
  BRADFIELD, CALVIN G.
  BRADFIELD, JAMES P.
  BRADSHAW, HERBERT
  BRADSHAW, SAM A.
  BRANSON, FRANK L.
  BRITTAIN, JOHN W.
  BROOME, THOMAS A.
  BRYAN, C. JESSE

  CARTER, CLAUDE L.
  CARTER, LEONARD
  CAUSEY, R. M.
  CHAMBLEY, HOMER D.
  CHAMBLEY, Y. TOXIE
  CHAPMAN, LEONARD M.
  COMBS, ELISHA T.
  COMBS, JAMES E.

  DAVIS, FOREST
  DIXON, I. GRADY
  DIXON, NELLO M.
  DUFFEY, LEON
  ¦DUNN, TERRY A.

  ENNIS, ROBERT

  FRANKLIN, J. T.

  GILLILAND, WILLIAM P.
  GAUNTT, CURTIS R.
  GLASS, CHARLES W.

  HAERENBORGH, JOHN V.
  HALL, EDGAR
  HAMER, ERNEST
  HERRON, R. A.
  HILL, A. L.
  HODNETT, HENRY
  HOLLIS, ARTHUR

  JACKSON, ERBY L.

  KINNEY, THOMAS E.
  KIRKPATRICK, HAROLD B.

  LANDERS, JESSE E.
  LASTER, WILLIE
  LILLY, POLIE L.

  MARTIN, B. FRANK
  MARTIN, W. EVIN
  MIDDLETON, THOMAS E.
  MILLS, GEORGE J.
  MOORE, JOHNNIE
  MORGAN, JAMES C.
  MCINTYRE, WILL

  NEWTON, CARL
  NICHOLS, WALTER
  NORREL, GEORGE W.

  OLIVER, CLAUDE

  POWELL, RUBIN
  PIPER, TALLY W.

  REAVES, GEORGE W.
  ROBERTS, JAMES B.

  SATTERWHITE, WM. D.
  SMITH, JOHN T.
  SMITH, JOHN L.
  SMITH, THOMAS W.
  STALNAKER, CHARLES D.
  STALNAKER, FRED L.
  STALNAKER, WILLIE L.

  TAYLOR, CEPHAS
  TAYLOR, DEWEY
  TAYLOR, HENRY GUY
  TAYLOR, WILLIAM C.
  TAUNTON, HENRY
  TAUNTON, JESSE
  THOMAS, HOMER E.
  TURNER, THADIUS H.

  WELCH, EMMETT
  WELCH, HARVEY A.
  WESSINGER, JOE
  WHITTINGTON, WM. M.
  WILLIAMS, A. C.
  WILLIAMS, G. HAROLD
  WILLIAMS, JOHN O.
  WILLIAMS, JAMES E.
  WILLIAMS, OSCAR L.
  WILSON, ROBERT L.


Colored

  ALEXANDER, JOHN, JR.

  BURDETTE, WALTER
  BURTON, BOB

  DUKES, ABE

  FORD, OTTO
  FORD, ROBERT

  GATES, G. G.

  HEARD, FISHER
  HEART, ERNEST
  HEEL, LEWIS
  HOWARD, JEFF
  HUTCHINSON, WILLIE

  MOODY, BOB

  PETTILLO, J. L.

  ROSS, JIM

  WARE, ERLEY
  WILKINS, SAM


Extracts of Appreciation

"It's a tough proposition; it's a terrible thing, but we know that some
blood has to be spilled and we are willing to let it flow for the cause
and the best country on earth."

"I am always overjoyed to hear or receive news from my dear friends at
home."

"The French people go wild over the U. S. boys. One can't get lonesome or
homesick, they treat you too good."

"I am still on the destroyer, _Shaw_, and we hunt 'subs' most every day."

"'Tis needless to say that the letters and Bulletins which I received
today brought one grand little message and a feeling of comradeship into
my heart. I appreciate them very, very much and I enjoy them more and
more."

"I don't want to quit until the job is finished."

"Your encouragement, our bullets, and it's all over."

"I am happy that it fell my lot to serve for our grand and noble country
in her fight for Democracy."

"I hear that we are going to France. I am just 'crazy' to go."

"Your letters have given me a great deal of pleasure and I can imagine the
joy they cause the fellows who have gone across."

"I have been living under the ground since I have been on the front. Don't
know how I would feel if I could get into a house again."

"If it wasn't for the Red Cross, the Y. M. C. A. and the Service Station,
I don't see how we could get along."

"I have been in action and I feel more than ever that there must be no
peace without victory and every soldier I have met shares that feeling."

"You would feel a deep new tender feeling for France and her people if you
could see them carry the Stars and Stripes so proudly, and note the
feeling toward the American soldier."

"Well, they say that we have had a war in France and that it has come to
an abrupt close. Isn't it strange how easily and how swiftly we put a
serious crimp into the great German mass? I can't realize it--it seems a
long dream."

"I have been in England, France, Belgium, Luxemburg, and on the line of
Germany since I have been in Europe."

"Since the Armistice we have been on quite a long hike; followed the great
and final retreat of the Kaiser's _grand army_. We are stationed now a few
kilometers beyond the River Rhine, on a hill overlooking the city of
Coblenz."

"Sorry that the other boys didn't get to see France; they missed the real
fun, a trip that they wouldn't ever forget."


[Illustration: WAR SERVICE COMMITTEE, _Fairfax_

  P. C. RAMSEY
  J. L. BOWLES
  A. G. POPE
  R. E. SMITH, CHAIRMAN
  OZELLA BRADSHAW, SECRETARY
  P. T. SPARKS]

[Illustration: RED CROSS WORK ROOM, _Fairfax_]

[Illustration: WAR SERVICE STATION, _Fairfax_]

[Illustration: INTERIOR WAR SERVICE STATION, _Fairfax_]


Committees

FIRST LIBERTY LOAN

Some subscribed, but no organized work done.


SECOND LIBERTY LOAN

  F. L. BRANSON, _Chairman_
  C. KIRKPATRICK
  P. C. RAMSEY
  LON COMBS
  J. E. HOWELL

Subscription, $1,500.00


THIRD LIBERTY LOAN

  F. L. BRANSON, _Chairman_
  R. E. SMITH
  P. C. RAMSEY
  C. KIRKPATRICK
  J. E. B. MARTIN
  VANA COMBS

Subscription, $33,700.00


FOURTH LIBERTY LOAN

  R. E. SMITH, _Chairman_
  C. KIRKPATRICK
  P. C. RAMSEY
  J. E. B. MARTIN
  LON COMBS
  F. P. BRADFIELD

Subscription, $25,700.00


FIRST RED CROSS FUND

  F. L. BRANSON, _Chairman_
  P. C. RAMSEY
  LON COMBS
  J. E. B. MARTIN
  MISS MAUD JAMES

Subscription, $1,200.00


SALVATION ARMY DRIVE

  T. G. STANFIELD
  MISS MAUD JAMES

Subscription, $140.00


SECOND RED CROSS FUND

  R. E. SMITH, _Chairman_
  P. C. RAMSEY
  J. E. B. MARTIN
  C. KIRKPATRICK
  LON COMBS
  F. P. BRADFIELD

Subscription, $2,150.00


Y. M. C. A.

  C. KIRKPATRICK, _Chairman_
  R. E. SMITH
  J. E. B. MARTIN
  VANA COMBS
  J. E. HOWELL

Subscription, $572.75


UNITED WAR WORK CAMPAIGN

  R. E. SMITH, _Chairman_
  F. P. BRADFIELD
  VANA COMBS
  J. E. B. MARTIN
  P. C. RAMSEY

Subscription, $1,740.00


WAR SAVINGS STAMPS

  J. E. B. MARTIN, _Chairman_
  J. M. BROWN
  J. L. BOWLES
  D. W. SIMMS
  R. E. SMITH
  P. C. RAMSEY
  A. G. POPE

Subscriptions, $17,700.00


VICTORY LOAN CAMPAIGN

  F. L. BRANSON
  D. W. SIMS
  JACK DAVIS
  J. C. DAWE

Subscription, $14,800.00


                                                  Total

  Liberty and Victory Loans                    $75,700.00
  United War Fund                                1,740.00
  Membership and Subscription Red Cross          3,350.00
  Salvation Army Drive                             140.00
  War Saving Stamps                             17,700.00
  Y. M. C. A.                                      572.75


Committee Report


  Total number of letters written to boys in Service      1158
  Total number of letters received from boys in Service    205
  Total number of other letters written                    447
  Total number of packages or parcels forwarded            326
  Total number of visitors at War Service Station         1232
  Total number of boys in Service                          101
  Total number of Bulletins mailed                        1496
  Total number killed in action                              1
  Died of disease or wounds                                  1
  Total number wounded                                       6


From the Fairfax Red Cross

  Bed shirts                                                       36
  Helpless case shirts                                             40
  Convalescent robes                                                4
  Pajamas, American                                                 5
  Triangular bandages                                              48
  T bandages                                                        8
  Abdominal bandages                                                4
  Comfort bags                                                      5
  Pillow cases                                                     12
  Sheets                                                           24
  Hand towels                                                     206
  Bath towels                                                     100
  Wash cloths                                                      24
  Table doilies                                                    60
  Tray cloths                                                      24
  Aprons, women's refugee                                          12
  Dresses, children's refugee                                      22
  Housegowns, women's refugee                                       6
  Morning blouses, women's refugee                                  6
  Petticoats, women's refugee                                      12
  Helmets                                                           3
  Mufflers                                                          5
  Sweaters, sleeveless                                             24
  Socks for soldiers                                               52
  Influenza masks for home use                                    600
  Total weight of garments donated for refugee boxes, pounds      881
  Total number of Christmas boxes packed for soldiers              28


Junior Red Cross

  Triangular bandages      36
  Towels                   72
  Wristlets                 6




Riverview


[Illustration: =Pvt. W. C. Anthony= Headquarters Company 321st F.A. Band
American Ex. F]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Roy B. Anthony= 28th Company 157th Depot Brigade Camp
Gordon, Ga.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Marvin Baker= 82d Field Artillery Battery A Fort
Bliss, Tex.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Fonzy O. Barnett= Company B 46th Engineers American
Ex. Forces]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Archie L. Blackmon= Hdqtrs. Troop 8th Cavalry Marfa,
Texas]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Joe Chappell= M.G. Repl. Co. 1 Amer. Ex. Forces]

[Illustration: =Pvt. John Gay= Company I 123rd Infantry Amer. Ex. Forces]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Tyler Grant= Base Hospital Ward 19 Camp Sevier,
S.C.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Fred Hunt= U.S.A. Training Det. Auburn, Ala.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Crew Hunt= U.S.A. Training Det. Auburn, Ala.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Elbert E. Lewis= Company B 30th U.S. Infantry Amer.
Ex. Forces]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Jasper J. Lewis= Hdqtrs. Company 56th Infantry Amer.
Ex. Forces]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Joe McCann= Battery D 118th Field Artillery Amer. Ex.
Forces]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Levi McKinney= Company E 12th Infantry Camp Hill,
Va.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. James D. Milner= Company 5 Depot Brigade Camp
Wheeler, Ga.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Jesse B. Milner= Company 8 Repl. Camp Camp Wheeler,
Ga.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Glenn Milner= Company C 321st Infantry Amer. Ex.
Forces]

[Illustration: =Pvt. R. O. Ogletree= 32d Div. M.P. Amer. Ex. Forces]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Nute Paschal= Battery C 54th Field Artillery Camp
Travis, Texas]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Henry Paschal= Company I 148th Infantry Amer. Ex.
Forces]

[Illustration: =Pvt. William G. Prather= Battery E 117th Field Artillery
Amer. Ex. Forces]

[Illustration: =Sgt. Maj. L. L. Scales= 1st Battalion 328th Infantry]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Dock Smith= Company H 107th Infantry Amer. Ex.
Forces]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Arnold Waller= 53d H.A. Batt. D Field Artillery Camp
Travis, Texas]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Logan Ware= 19th Co. 5th Tr. Btn. 157th Depot Brigade
Camp McClellan, Ala.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Watson Ware= Development Det. Camp Sheridan
Montgomery, Ala.]

[Illustration: =Pvt. Luther E. Williams= 36th Company 3d Gr. M.T.D., M.G.,
T.C. Camp Hancock, Ga.]


Roll of Honor

  ANTHONY, ROY B.
  ANTHONY, WAYMON C.

  BAKER, MARVIN
  BARNETT, FONZY O.
  BLACKMON, ARCHIE

  CHAPPELL, JOE

  GAY, JOHN
  GRANT, TYLER

  HUNT, CREW
  HUNT, FRED

  LEWIS, ELBERT E.
  LEWIS, JASPER

  MILNER, GLENN
  MILNER, JAMES D.
  MILNER, JESSE B.

  MCCANN, JOSEPH
  MCKINNEY, LEVI

  OGLETREE, RAYMOND O.

  PASCHAL, HENRY
  PASCHAL, NUTE
  PRATHER, WILLIAM G.

  SCALES, SGT. MAJ. LUTHER L.
  SMITH, DOCK

  WALLER, ARNOLD
  WARE, LOGAN
  WARE, WATSON
  WILLIAMS, LUTHER E.


Extracts of Appreciation

"They can have England, France, Belgium, Luxemburg and Germany, I have
seen them all and spent some time in each, but give me the old United
States."

  RAYMOND O. OGLETREE

"I will tell you of my first experience in a dugout. When we arrived here
it was raining, so I crawled into a dugout for the night. In the meantime
shells were landing regularly. I unrolled my pack and went to bed and I
had no more than got settled when Fritz sent some large ones over. As I
was a new man at the trade it was hard for me to get to sleep, but finally
I did and sometime in the night he sent a large one over which made a
direct hit on my dugout. I jumped almost out of bed. It rained so much
during the night that I was almost floating when I awoke the next morning
and it took me nearly all day to dry out all of my stuff."

  RAYMOND O. OGLETREE

"Speaking of Christmas, we had a pleasant one considering the place and
times. There are twenty-seven children in the town where we are now, the
same place we were during the holidays. We had a Christmas Tree for them,
so I suppose we made several little hearts happy."

  GLENN MILNER

"I don't know whether I will get the first German helmet or not, but I am
going to do my bit over there. I shall take it all like a man and fight my
best for Old Glory."

  JOE MCCANN

"I wish I were in good health and could do my bit over there along with
the other boys."

  TYLER GRANT

"It's very nice of the Riverview War Service Station to offer a prize to
the first boy who captures a German helmet. I'd like to have a chance at
the Kaiser and get the one he wears."

  MARVIN BAKER

"I don't know how to start to thank the good people of Riverview for the
hearty Christmas greetings through the Bulletin. I will say this much,
they are the best ever. I send my best regards to everyone."

  ARCHIE BLACKMON

"You don't know how much I appreciate the kindness of the Riverview people
while we are over here chasing the Germans as fast as we possibly can.
You, no doubt have heard of the big American drive that is now going. I
must say that the old U. S. boys are making it hot for those Dutchmen just
now. I have been transferred to the band, so I am hoping to play a piece
for the boys to march through Berlin soon."

  WAYMON C. ANTHONY

"I want to say that if all the boys in the Service appreciate, as I do,
what the folks of Riverview are doing for our benefit, the work is a great
success. The letters you send certainly are interesting to me. They keep
me in very close touch with what is going on at home."

  WAYMON C. ANTHONY

"I think this is one of the grandest lives a boy can live if he will do
his best. I am proud to be a soldier and I hope that it won't be long
before I can go over sea to do my part. I feel like we are fighting for a
cause that God would have us fight for. I had much rather go over the top
than have it always said of me, 'He was a slacker'. That's enough said
about that for we are going to get the Kaiser some old way."

  ROY B. ANTHONY

"I am sorry I didn't get over to help the boys. I don't feel like I have
been in the Service at all, but I have done the best I could. I think
those who went oversea are the ones that should have all the praise for
winning this war."

  ROY B. ANTHONY

"We are here training to fight for the old flag and we will not give up
until the last one is dead."

  WATSON WARE

"A German garden was captured by our boys a few days ago, so we are living
high on cabbage, turnips, etc. You should see what fine homes the Germans
had in their dugouts: electric lights, bath rooms, pianos and all such to
make life pleasant. I want to tell you, however, that they are not
spending much of their time playing pianos and taking baths now, for our
boys are giving them all the music they are looking for, and then some."

  WAYMON C. ANTHONY

"For the sake of my country, I am anxious for the day to come when I shall
have the opportunity of going over the top to capture the helmet that you
mentioned in your last letter, not for the $50.00 reward, but for the sake
of my country and the people who are dear to me. I trust that when the war
is all over I can go back home and truly say, 'I have done my all'."


Committees

WAR SAVINGS STAMPS

  R. H. BLEDSOE, JR., _Chairman_
  E. I. OLIVER
  B. B. MCGINTY
  ARTHUR T. GOGGANS

Subscription, $7,000.00


RED CROSS DRIVE

  B. B. MCGINTY, _Chairman_
  MISS AMBER LILES
  MISS MARION WEBSTER

Subscription, $2,712.00


Y. M. C. A.

Subscription, $700.00


UNITED WAR WORK CAMPAIGN

  R. H. BLEDSOE, JR., _Chairman_
  MISS AMBER LILES

Subscription, $1,183.00


FIRST LIBERTY LOAN

No subscription


SALVATION ARMY DRIVE

  B. B. MCGINTY, _Chairman_

Subscription, $105.00


SECOND LIBERTY LOAN

  R. H. BLEDSOE, _Chairman_
  B. B. MCGINTY
  C. L. GIBSON
  J. M. MILNER
  W. W. WILLIAMS
  W. R. WILLIAMS
  W. J. BRADFIELD
  C. A. GOGGANS

Subscription, $1,800.00


THIRD LIBERTY LOAN

  E. I. OLIVER, _Chairman_
  M. A. SMITH
  T. J. GOGGANS
  R. H. BLEDSOE, JR.
  B. B. MCGINTY

Subscription, $18,000.00


FOURTH LIBERTY LOAN

  R. H. BLEDSOE, JR., _Chairman_

Subscription, $7,000.00


VICTORY LOAN CAMPAIGN

  R. H. BLEDSOE, JR., _Chairman_

Subscription, $7,000.00


                                               Total

  Liberty and Victory Loans                $33,800.00
  United War Fund                            1,183.00
  Membership and Subscription Red Cross      2,712.00
  Y. M. C. A.                                  700.00
  Salvation Army                               105.00
  War Saving Stamps                          7,000.00


[Illustration: WAR SERVICE COMMITTEE, _Riverview_

  C. A. GOGGANS
  C. L. GIBSON
  R. H. BLEDSOE, CHAIRMAN
  B. B. MCGINTY
  J. T. SMITH
  MISS AMBER LILES, SEC.]

[Illustration: WAR SERVICE STATION, _Riverview_]

[Illustration: RED CROSS WORK ROOM, _Riverview_]

[Illustration: INTERIOR WAR SERVICE STATION, _Riverview_]


Committee Report

  Number of letters written to boys in Service         382
  Number of other letters written                      243
  Number of Bulletins mailed                           508
                                                      ----
                             Total                    1133

  Number of letters received from boys in Service      138
  Number of packages or parcels forwarded               27
  Number of visitors to Station                        532
  Number of packages or parcels forwarded               78
  Killed in action                                    None
  Died of disease or wounds                           None
  Wounded                                                1


From the Riverview Red Cross

  Abdominal bandages            70
  T bandages                    50
  Triangular bandages           51
  Shirts                        14
  Sox, pairs                    13
  Sweaters                      29
  Belgian aprons                14
  Little aprons                 14
  Comfort kits                  10
  Petticoats                     5
  Pajamas, pairs                20
  Boxes of refugee clothing      3
  Towels                        75




[Illustration: GEORGE H. LANIER _Vice-President and General Manager_ WEST
POINT MANUFACTURING COMPANY LANETT COTTON MILLS

"_Whose deep and abiding interest made the War Service Stations and this
memorial possible_"]

[Illustration: R. W. JENNINGS "_Chairman of the Executive Committee War
Service Stations during the greater part of their existence._"]

[Illustration: WM. H. HUFF _Founder of the War Service Stations_]


  _My country, 'tis of thee,
  Sweet land of liberty,
    Of thee I sing.
  Land where my fathers died!
  Land of the Pilgrim's pride!
  From ev'ry mountain side
    Let freedom ring!_

  _My native country, thee,
  Land of the noble free,
    Thy name I love.
  I love thy rocks and rills,
  Thy woods and templed hills;
  My heart with rapture thrills
    Like that above._

  _Let music swell the breeze,
  And ring from all the trees
    Sweet freedom's song.
  Let mortal tongues awake;
  Let all that breathe partake;
  Let rocks their silence break,--
    The sound prolong._

  _Our father's God, to Thee,
  Author of liberty,
    To Thee we sing.
  Long may our land be bright
  With freedom's holy light;
  Protect us by Thy might,
    Great God, our King!_

  _God save our noble men,
  Send them safe home again,
    God save our men.
  Chivalrous, glorious,
  From work laborious,
  Send them victorious,
    God save our men._

[Illustration]

[Illustration]

[Illustration:

  _They came from town and city,
    From factory, mill and field,
  At duty's call, they gave their all
        America to shield._]




Transcriber's Notes:

Passages in italics are indicated by _italics_.

Passages in bold are indicated by =bold=.






End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of Defenders of Democracy, by Anonymous

